Fate is really amazing
I didn't expect the little brother I've been looking for
Right next to me
What do you want to do when you find me?
Hmm, I don't know.
beware
Can you call me brother as before?
OK
No way.
You Mingxuan, don't you have a job?
Sweet, do it for me
You're not even qualified to be a cashier
Can't you do your own work?
How do you talk to Xiao Ai?
Kona
Ah, what do you want with my wife?
Go away thanks
Ah, you're too much, don't apologize quickly
Why should I apologize to him?
Hurry up
You want to protect him too, right?
In fact, you know how to work hard for each other.
It's even
But I did it to save you
You did it to save him
And you did it to save him
You drank too much